2024_03_26_00_00_00
Today is violent, even through all the interactions are of people smiling, I feel the violence of people on my physical body and this is why I am angry and I do not participate or entertain their behavior (focus on non-intellectual activities). Feeling violence, meaning agitated, on your body for reading and writting is NOT OK.

2024_03_13_00_00_00
When I go onto job boards, I notice that the type of jobs for my profile drasically change constantly. One week there will be only jobs of category A, and the next there will be jobs for only category B. Filling out a form/job application is important because it is proof in writting that one is applying for the correct job. Talking to people/recruiters about vauge jobs is not a reliable way to find one's correct job, in my opinion. The job application form protects workers so they know exactly what type of job they are applying for, and it labels them as their correct job, and that then labels them in society, and with who and who they can associate. Applying for the correct job protects people in their lives because society knows their intentions and accomplishments; society helps thoses who are honest and try to be responsible. If a job recruiters can not talk about or say one's "Real" job title immediately, and needs to keep it a secret, then the job environment is not correct.

2024_03_08_00_00_00
Some people are not allowed to speak certain languages because it allows for a connection where people may act irresponsable, or cause unforeseen harm. It would cause people to get hurt, so some people can not participate in exactly the same way as others, who do not have their same experiences. For this reason, the people learning the new language can only do non-risky and serious things, until they have enough experience to keep interactions intelligent and correct.

2024_02_26_00_00_00
Note : the audio run journal is helping me to address ideas such that my life is directed to obtaining a job with my education. I am un employed for years, floating through space wasting my "potentiel life with social interactions". The audio run journal allows me to say 'no' to things that I do not want in my life, and 'no' to ways that I do not want other people to treat me. It also allows me to question and talk out things that make me angry, sad, concerned.  It is how I am doing self-respect and self-improvement for my life.

2024_02_23_00_00_00
Like I already thought, there are real life structures that help educate children and adults. Individual professionals do not need to "save" people or children, so they have a future/better careers. Individual professionals need to continue to learn and make new things with all the accumulated knowledge that they tiredlessly learned themselves, machines are powerful because they use accumulated knowledge to organize information. "Throwing away"/preventing an experienced/knowledged person from learning and advancing in a career is like never building the LLM, a machine of accumulated knowledge, or throwing machines in the garbage. People interpreting people's careers as if the best people in the field are saveurs. And they need to lead the children to the future and sacrifice their own lives and careers to "save" people/children. Note: interpreting people's lives as messages like people try to interpret stuff in religious books

2024_04_10_11_18_00
The usage of keywords/acronyms can be very dangerous if used incorrectly in people's lives. The other day I was working on RSA (Rivest-Shamir-Adleman) encryption to make a secure database using the GitHub API, I was trying to encrypt private user information in a public GitHub repository such that user information would be unread able and thus safe. I also learned that RSA has a lot of other ancroynms, including the name of social services (Revenu de Solidarie Active), Recurrent Spontaneous Abortion, Rehabilitation Services Administration, and much more. The world is becoming more and more connected with AI, imagine if AI did not make the Transformer and more complicated algorithms to correctly identify people's data with respect to a context, people would be falsely identified with many incorrect activities that would unjustly diminish or improve one's life. I think using acronmys hide truth and justice of real-life affairs, and I perfer to only use the long full names instead of acronyms. For years, in an attempt to improve my memory I started reading and trying to memorize the full names of acronyms, and no longer use acronyms. I was not consciously aware of the impact of not using acronyms on my life, but I think my life is clearer, I have a better memory of what the words mean, and I feel more intelligent because I can say the real word instead of some letters. Using acronyms is a cruch and makes one less good at speaking, writing, and understanding, just like shortening real words in chat/text messaging. Shortened words/acronyms appear to diminish intelligence and cause injustice in terms of AI.
